I have my dreaams in my life .  Dear mom and dad  I know all your struggles just have some patience and soon ill achieve it .
Dear aai and baba i miss uh all and definately ill make you proud one day and that day will come soon ... 4 5 days i have wasted and i wast able to 
underdstand myself properly .. So now i have understand my mistakes i was not getting the entire concept and was not going to the depth of concept ...
Now Lord Krishna i wont get affected by what people said about me .. I wont fear anyone i will just be true and loyal to myself and work for dreams.
whatever the condition is Ill always stay active and never overthing in my life and ill achieve great sucess ...
whatever the condition is you dont have to fear and you have to do your best ....
10 days u have..
shoot it do it dont give up dont make your confidence low...Ghate time heals evrything but  the thing is that you have to put your efforts and respect elders and do good karmass in your llife. .. Dont have to think negatieve anyways... Always make a habbit of positive thinking ...

Dad all your disrespct and all those things i have seen if my life i wont forget god will give great punishment to all those people...


These 10 are crucial in my life if i wont studied in those days my entire career and my dreams willl be gone ...So the thing is that I dont have to work underr pressure and there is no need to relay on anyone you should focus on one thing at a time dont perform multitasking ... Underrstand the concept till the depth ... bro taking pressure is just  nonsense stuff .. Dont take that keep calm and believe in yourself ...

Just trust the process and do your best ...keep revising regularly ... Dont understand the concept  lightly go till the depth of that concept.....
Understanding the concept is mandatory aand implementing it in real scenario .. Logical thinking effective communication ...your behaviour with the people you live .. Your habbits your manners reflect your personalityy... Dontt fear stay strong and happy ....Dont give uppppp..



God is always with you ...Never think negative be always true and loyal to yourself..  Lord Krishna is always there wid you... Sacrifice is everything and 
control , consitency is everything so dont give up and do your best ...Be happy stay good ...


Whenevr you do codeing dont remember the things understand the concept...
You ll meet many peeps in youur life...your mom is sent 
